[ANN] TMail 1.2.1 - 11 Jan 2008

TMail is The Mail Handling Library for Ruby!

TMail is the Ruby Mail handler used in the 
Ruby on Rails and Nitro web frame works as
well as many others (now including, the Ruby
Talk mail gateway!).

TMail is now a gem. You can install it on any
platform via:

# gem install tmail

Alternatively you can download the source code
or view extra documentation at the website:

http://tmail.rubyforge.org/


Release Summary:
------------------
New release handles five tickets in the TMail
tracker as well as a lot more documentation and
renames a library to handle copyright concerns.

Additionally added 25 more test cases to the library
to handle the above tickets.

This should be a drop in replacement for existing
TMail installations.


Release Update Details:
-------------------------

Closed #16899 - HeaderField.new_from_port and added test
cases to cover this code. Also changed behaviour of
HeaderField.new_from_port to return nil if it does not
find a matching header in the port provided. Extended
UNIXMbox.fromaddr to also search for EnvelopeSender and
also made it a public method, not private - Thanks to
Maarten O. for alerting these bugs

Closed #16900 - UNIXMbox.fromaddr missing port param and
does not return Envelope Sender. This report was
initially to correct typo on "Regep" to "Regexp". Also
added test cases to cover this class method. Also added
ability to scan for the EnvelopeSender explictly as it
would not come up on searching for "From" due to Regexp
confilct with From: (with the colon). Thanks to Maarten
O. for reporting this.

Closed 16025 - TMail scanner.rb would not parse ATOM
chars correctly making it fail tests where the C version
passed them. Fixed this by updating the Scanner.rb
version to be in step with the C version (there was an
extra @ symbol in the ATOM CHARS definition that was not
in the C version.) (mikel)

Closed 16283 - TMail would not decode correctly due to
bug in text-utils - put in previous patch from old tmail
trunk version. Thanks to garyo for spotting this.

Closed Bug - Handled quote boundary being gready on
content-type header fields (M. Mondragon)

Changed the name of mailscanner to tmailscanner to handle
a copyright issue. MailScanner is a copyrighted name.

Added about 15 test cases from the Rails community. Added
failing test case for an unquoted @ char in the From
header field. Need to check fully if this is needed or
not, but it is there anyway - to be resolved. I have
emailed 822 mailing list to check this out.

See the changelog for previous changes.


Bug Reports / Fixes:
----------------------

As always, we really welcome any bug reports or code
for patches you have created.  Please submit anything
you find through our RubyForge tracker project which
you can get to from our website:

http://tmail.rubyforge.org/


We hope you enjoy this release!


The TMail Team.
